hello YouTube um I'm going to show you
how to breed a Sun dragon now I know
that there's a lot of different
combinations but this is mine that I
used i'm going to show you the two
combinations that I used okay so right
now right now I have two sons Ragan's
i'm about to get another so i have my
over here I'm gonna go gook I have I'm
building two more son Jack and habitat
habitat because I'm going to work up to
four so yeah ok so I'll dogs come see
this
okay so and I know two combinations but
I'm sure other people no other but leave
it with my cue that I got through okay
so the first combination I forgot what I
was actually trying to get but I
actually ended up getting this one
dragon it was the storm jagan and the
Scorch dragon and I wouldn't know what I
was trying to breed but so like one day
I was besides read them again and it
said 48 hours that was when I didn't
even know that I had a son dragon I just
knew that I had a dragon that took a
long time to breed but so until it was
in the nursery I didn't know it was some
dragon but my next combination because
that was before i actually knew how rare
some dragons were so nuts combination is
I was actually trying to get the blue
fire dragon so I was reading the
upgrading the storm dragon and my sister
my daughter's um I'm a fire dragon and i
ended up getting Sun dragon so now that
i have to i'm going to but those are
just the two combinations that I know to
get a sound dragon if you guys know any
more you can leave me a comment down in
the comment box or send me a personal
message or anything on it um so yes
thanks for watching play